Super Soaker XP 20 and Super Soaker XP 30 
 The decorative sticker on the water tank of the water blaster toys contain levels of lead in the ink that exceed the federal lead content ban. Lead is toxic if ingested by young children and can cause adverse health effects. 
 Hasbro Inc. at 888-664-3323 from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. ET Monday through Thursday and 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. ET on Fridays, or email at SuperSoakerRecall@Hasbro.com or online at https://shop.hasbro.com/en-us and click on “MORE INFO” at the bottom of the page for more information. 
Cottage Town Bedroom Furniture Collection 
 The base coat paint used on pieces within the furniture collection contains levels of lead that exceed the federal lead paint standard. Lead is toxic if ingested by young children and can cause adverse health effects. 
 Please contact Rooms To Go toll-free at 855-688-0919 from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. ET, Monday through Friday, visit www.avalonfurniture.com and click on “Contact Us” at the top of the page or visit www.cottagetownrecall.com for more information. 
Cub Scout activity pins 
 The pin’s face and shaft contain levels of lead that exceed the federal lead content ban. Lead is toxic if ingested by young children and can cause adverse health issues. 
 Boy Scouts of America at 800-323-0736 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or online at www.scoutshop.org and click on “Product Recall” at the bottom of the page for more information. 
Children’s Neck Pillows 
 Paint on the zippers and zipper pulls contains levels of lead that exceed the federal lead paint ban. Lead is toxic if ingested by young children and can cause adverse health effects. 
 Ximi Vogue toll-free at 855-XIMI-002 (855-946-4002) or by email at admin@ximivogueusa.com for more information. 
Children’s Tool Kits 
 The tool belt, hammer and suspenders (model H3044) contain excessive levels of lead, violating the federal lead content standard. In addition, the toy goggles and hardhats do not meet toy safety requirements. 
 Grizzly Industrial toll-free at 888-615-7944 anytime or email at recalls@grizzly.com or online at www.grizzly.com and click on recalls for more information. 
Lilly of New York children’s winter boots 
 The boots’ sole contain levels of lead that exceed the federal lead content ban. Lead is toxic if ingested by young children and can cause adverse health issues. 
 Lilly of New York toll-free at 888-359-1322 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, email at LNY.recall@gmail.com or online at www.zulily.com and click on Contact Us at the bottom of the page and then on Product Recall for more information. 
Patmos Chaise Lounge Chairs 
 The paint used on the chair’s metal frame contains levels of lead that exceed the federal lead paint standard. Lead is toxic if ingested by young children and can cause adverse health effects. 
 Rooms To Go toll-free at 855-688-0919, Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. ET, or online at www.roomstogo.com and click on “Customer Service” at the bottom of the page for more information. 
